dotloop signature verification; Jtlp."/fl+i 'USL
he
(C) It shall conclusively be deemed acceptance of the Property, including ordinary wear and tear until the closing, if
Buyer fails to notify Seller in writing of any unsatisfactory conditions in accordance with Paragraph 1 (B)  or fails
to notify Seller in writing ofhis election to terminate this contract as herein provided.
NOTE: "Ordinary wear and tear" as used in Paragraphs [1(B) and 12 shall not be deemed to include material failure
of the heating: cooling, plumbing and electrical systems or built in appliances. If such a system or appliance suffers
material failure after acceptance under Paragraphs 11(B) and 12 but
to closing, Seller shall pay for any repairs
required to restore the system or
appliance to an operating condition at least as good a8 previously existing:
After
closing all conditions of the Property are the responsibility of the Buyer unless otherwise stated within this Contract
33L
Seller Initiall
RLLArDL
Buyer Initials
712ET
Abpawd
13.
ADDITIONAL INSPECTIONS: The additional inspections set forth in this paragraph shall be completed by
7/30/2024
and any requested repairs as & result 0f these additional inspections shall be made in
writing to the Seller by 8/2/2024
Should Buyer fail to timely notify Seller
in writing of requested repairs as a result of these additional inspections, such failure shall conclusively be deemed
acceptance of the Property by the Buyer, including ordinary wear and tear until Closing:
(A) TERMITE AND/OR WOOD INFESTATIONFUNGUS INSPECTION AND REPORT:
(1) Wood Infestation Inspection Report:
The real estate brokers and agents strongly recommend that the
Buyer obtain a wood infestation inspection report from
licensed pest control company.
Buyer
a
Wood
Infestation Inspection Report from a licensed pest control company PYES
ONO.
Tne east ef-the-report -shall be-&t
tho ~xpeTst Ofthc Buyer . Buycr shatt be TspUnsible for urderig the ispectiUn and Wood Hnfestatron Hispection
~Report- In the event that Buyer provides notice that repairs are required, any such request for repairs shall be governed
by Paragraph 12 of this Agreement,
Seller Initials
Buyer Initial
41u4a
(2_
Termite Agreement (Contract)   Buyer requires a termite service agreement EYES
ONO.
If such
agreement is required and Seller has an existing transferable agreement the agreement shall be transferred at
Seller s
Buyer' $ expense.
If a new service agreement is required, the cost shall be at E Seller'$
Buyer'$
expense and the service agreement shall be ordered by the party paying for the agreement;
The real estate brokers
and agents make no representations as to the terms Or conditions of any termite service agreement.
enlaMI
Seller Initial
Buyer Initials
Daa
37t
(B) SEWERISEPTIC SYSTEMS:
To the best of Seller' $ knowledge the Property
is Dis not connected to
sanitary sewer system Seller
has Dhas not paid all impact and connection fees. If Property is not 0n sewer; Seller
represents that the Property Dis F is not connected to septic system . Buyer requires a sewerlseptic system inspection
at
Buyer'g expense OYES ENO. Real estate broker(s)
and agent(s) recommend that the sewer/septic system be
inspected. If Buyer elects NOT to have the sewer/septic system inspected, then Buyer releases Seller, Real Estate
Broker(s) and Agent(s) from any and all liability for any defects or deficiencies with the sewer/septic system which
may be discovered in the future; whether such defects or deficiencies exist at Closing or develop thereafter: In the
Event that Buyer provides notice that repairs are required, any such request for repairs shall be govemed by Paragraph
12 of this Agreement.
Seller Initial
Buyer Initiall
#BAic
Otad
7iunrd
The
Birmningham Association of REALTORSO, Inc is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form This form is
published as & service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained fiom the
appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form: If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to ay portions above; the fom will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright
Birmingham Association of REALTORSO , Inc.
General Residential Sales Contract
Page 6 of L
Package ID: 6C8BOBZSSDDCCFFSA337CA774E32FED6
prior
requires