dotloop signature verification; UtIp.JMRIH 'UBL fye
27. FACSIMILE OR ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES: This Contract may be executed and delivered by any party
by sending a facsimile of the signature or by a legally
recognized e-signature; Such facsimile signature or legally
recognized e-signature shall be binding upon the party executing it as soon as the signature is received by any other
party hereto.
Seller Initia
Buyer Initials
28.  OBLIGATION FOR FEES AND EXPENSES: Buyer and Seller acknowledge that in the event this Contract
is canceled or does not close for any reason, fees or costs paid may not be refundable:
X{
Seller Initiall
Buyer Initials
ia [14
kupryld
29 .
ADDITIONAL
PROVISIONS:
Additional  provisions
to
this
Contract
are
set   forth
On
the    attached
Addendum(s)
which shall be signed by all parties and shall be part of this Contract
Seller Initials
LIKI" ent
Buyer Initials_
4RS
Ln ncn
30.
ENTIRE AGREEMENT: This contract constitutes the entire agreement between
and Seller regarding
the property, and supersedes all prior discussions, negotiations and agreements between Buyer and Seller; whether
oral or written: All representations, claims, advertising, promotional activities, brochures Or plans of any kind made
by Seller; Real Estate Broker; or Real Estate Agent are not a
of this Agreement unless expressly incorporated or
stated in this Agreement;
Neither Buyer, Seller, Real Estate Broker; nor any Real Estate Agent shall be bound by
any
understanding, agreement;, promise, Or representation concerning the property; expressed or implied, not specified
herein; except that any prior written agreement concerning the payment of commission andlor compensation payable
to Broker shall remain valid; in effect and enforceable.
Seller Initiall
U2MAwTCo
Buyer Initial:
31.
ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS:
Seller and Buyers agree to split title and attorney. Half each: Seller agrees to pay for Wood Infestation Report and Termite
bond (contract)
The
Birningham Association of REALTORSO, Inc is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by approving
this form This form is published as & service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained fiom the
appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any for. If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to any portions above; the fom will no longer be an approved
Copyright
Birmingham Association of REALTORSO , Inc.
General Residential Sales Contract
Page 10 of 11
Package ID: GCBBOB2SSDDCCFF5A337C4774E32FED6
Buyer
part
fom: