dotloop signature verification; Jtlp."/fl+i 'USL
he
(C) SURVEY: The real estate brokers and agents strongly recommend that a new survey be obtained on all
purchases of property: Buyer requires a survey by a registered Alabama land surveyor of Buyers choosing ad,
unless otherwise agreed herein; at Buyers expense OYES ENO.
If
elects NOT to have & new survey, then
Buyer releases Seller, Real Estate Broker(s) and Agent(s) from any and all liability for conditions which would have
been revealed from & survey performed by a registered Alabama land surveyor:
To the best of the Seller' s knowledge
the Property D is
is not located in a flood plain; but this information is not guaranteed and should be confired
by a flood plain certification andor a current surveyors staterent in the survey which shall be the responsibility of
Buyer Further, unless otherwise agreed herein, the Property is purchased subject to utility easements, residential
subdivision covenants and restrictions, if =
and
building lines of record, if
Ta
Seller Initials
Buyer Initials
Dajek Wu
Icticodyetntd
Buyer acknowledges and agrees that all Inspections are the responsibility of Buyer including payment for the
inspection services.
Unless otherwise agreed; Buyer shall be responsible for payment for Inspection services
regardless of whether or not the transaction contemplated herein proceeds to Closing;
14.
HAZARDOUS DRYWALL: This tainted wallboard often gives off a foul odor, corrodes copper, electrical
wiring and other metal surfaces and may cause serious health problems with prolonged exposure. Real Estate Broker
and Agent recommend that Buyer requests the home inspector to inspect for this drywall problem, or hire an inspector
specifically trained in discovering defective drywall, if Property was either built or renovated since 2001.
Seller Initialz
Buyer Initials
541Ph Cd1
Aouyned
15. LEAD-BASED PAINT ANDIOR LEAD-BASED PAINT HAZARDS: Lead-based paint disclosure is required
EYES
ONO.
If a residential dwelling built prior to 1978 is located on the Property, Federal law requires that
certain disclosures be made by the Seller to the Buyer and that this Agreement be made subject to a lead-based
testing   contingency.
A
copy of the disclosure information   form
and the Agreement lead based paint  testing
contingency language are attached hereto.
3ov
Seller Initials
Buyer Initials 
r]%d
1iPy S84
16.
ZONING ,
SUBDIVISION
REGULATIONS,
SUBDIVISION
RESTRICTIONS,
RESTRICTIVE
COVENANTS
AND
HOMEOWNER S
ASSOCIATION
BYLAWS.
Buyer and
Seller hereby agree and
acknowledge that the Buyer shall be solely responsible for obtaining all records and information regarding the
property relative to zoning, subdivision regulations, subdivision restrictions, restrictive covenants, historic district
regulations, and Homeowners Association requirements. Further, Buyer shall be solely responsible for determining
that the Property is suitable to the Buyer's intended use, including any development 0f, alterations to, improvements
Or construction on the
Property.
Xxt
Seller InitialsM
Buyer Initials
Frpet_
tL5#
~nted
17. SCHOOL ZONES.  Buyer and Seller hereby agree and acknowledge that the Buyer shall be solely responsible
for determining school zoning of Property.
Jar
Seller Initialt
Buyer Initial
6 bPM (D
LouocpueNicd
The Birmingham Association of REALTORSO, Inc is not engaged in rendering legal, accounting or other professional service by apptoving
this form: This form is published as & service to member real estate professionals and an explanation of its various provisions should be
obtained fiom the
appropriate professional. Because of varying state and local laws, competent legal or other advice should be secured before
using any form: If a user of this form makes any substantive changes to ay portions above; the fom will no longer be an approved form.
Copyright
Birmingham Association of REALTORSO , Inc.
General Residential Sales Contract
Page 7 of IL
Package ID: 6C8BOBZSSDDCCFFSA337CA774E32FED6
Buyer
any,
any:
Jutt
paint
Iaold