date: 09/20/2024 policy number: 19002812345 page 2 of 3
policy coverages and premium:
annual premium: $1,256
dwelling coverage: $126,000 other structures

coverage: $12,600
personal property loss of use coverage: $37,800
coverage: $37,800
liability coverage: $100,000 medical limits: $1,000/$25,000
each person / each accident

this policy includes wind, windstorm or hail coverage
policy deductible(s):
an all perils deductible applies: 3.5% of the dwelling coverage ($4,410)
we will provide the insurance described in return for the premium and in compliance with all provisions of the policy
contract and statements in the application for insurance.
in the event that the named insured does not own the insured property by the policy effective date, has not completed
the purchase of the insured property by the policy effective date, does not have an insurable interest in the insured
property by the policy effective date or there is no succeeding offer to purchase insurance with the above named alfa
company through a signed application for insurance, this evidence of insurance is null and void on the date of issue and
no coverage is provided for any person, entity or organization named herein.
a hurricane deductible or wind, windstorm or hail deductible applies to a covered loss when indicated above. unless
excluded as indicated above, wind, windstorm or hail coverage is provided for a covered loss.
forms 3 & 5 issued through alfa mutual insurance company and alfa insurance corporation provide replacement cost
coverage on the dwelling. on the form 5 policy, in the event of a covered loss, if the amount spent to repair or replace
the damaged building exceeds the policy limits stated in the declaration, an additional 25% of the stated limit is available
to cover the cost of repair or replacement. form 6 issued through alfa mutual insurance company and alfa insurance
corporation provides actual cash value coverage on the dwelling.
form 3 issued through alfa mutual general or alfa general insurance corporation and form 8 issued through alfa mutual
insurance company or alfa insurance corporation with the ho1 endorsement provide replacement cost coverage on the
dwelling.
renewal and termination. we will issue a continuous renewal policy unless premium is not paid, or the policy is
terminated for any reason by you and renewal is not offered by us. we will endeavor to provide written notice of
termination, as required by law, to the named insured and the mortgagee(s) listed on this evidence, but failure to mail
such notice shall impose no obligation or liability of any kind upon the insurer, its agents or representatives.
note about payment: please mail check with a copy of this document to alfa insurance company, po box 11000,
montgomery, al 36191-0001.
eoiho 10/16